**1) How can you define a bean in Spring Boot so that its lifecycle is restricted to a single HTTP request only?**

A. `@Scope("session")`
B. `@Scope("prototype")`
C. `@Scope("request")`
D. `@Scope("singleton")`

**2) The Correct way to start the following thread is?**

class X implements Runnable {
public void run() { System.out.println("Running"); } }

A. Thread t = new Thread(X);
B. Thread t = new Thread(X); t.start();
C. Thread t = new Thread(); x.run();
D. X obj = new X(); Thread t = new Thread(obj); t.start();

**3) Which Thymeleaf expression is used to output the value of a variable to the response in HTML?**

A. `th:text="${expression}"`
B. `th:value="*{expression}"`
C. `${expression}`
D. `th:field="*{expression}"`

**4 All the following are conditions for a Java class to be a JavaBean EXCEPT:**

A. extends Serializable
B. public class
C. has setters & getters
D. has no-args constructor

**5 What is the output of the following code?**

class MyThread extends Thread { public void run() { for (int i = 1; i <= 4; i++) System.out.println(" " + i); } public static void main (String[] args) { MyThread t = new MyThread(); t.start(); t.start(); } }

A. 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4
B. 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
C. Random no. from 1 to 4 appears twice
D. Compiler error

6. **Which of the following methods forces one thread to wait until another thread finishes its task?**

A. sleep ()
B. join ()
C. wait ()
D. None of them

**7 Which JpaRepository method is used to execute a database query that returns all entity records?**

A. `save()`
B. `findAll()`
C. `findById()`
D. `deleteById()`


**8 What is the default scope of a Spring Bean in Spring Boot?**

A. session
B. request
C. prototype
D. singleton

**9 The method in Spring MVC Controllers that can redirect the user's browser to another URL (inside or outside the application) is returning a string starting with:**

A. "redirect:"
B. "forward:"
C. "get:"
D. "post:"

**10 Which Thymeleaf attribute is used to include or replace content with a template fragment at runtime?**

A. `th:object`
B. `th:field`
C. `th:replace`
D. `th:each`

## Question 2 (12 Marks)

Give brief answers to the following questions:

1) The main architecture layers in Spring Boot and their roles.

2) What is the use of RequestDispatcher Interface?

3) How can we ensure that the main () method is the last thread to finish in a multithreaded Java Program?

4) How does synchronization prevent race conditions in multithreading?

5) What is the use of Proxy objects in Spring Boot bean scopes? (6 Marks)

## Question 3 (12 Marks)

1) Given the following Spring Boot Controller method source code, write the equivalent Thymeleaf template snippet (`average.html`) that binds to and displays the average, handles division by zero, and takes parameters `x` and `y`:

```java
@Controller
public class CalcController {
    @GetMapping("/average")
    public String getAverage(@RequestParam("x") double n1, @RequestParam("y") double n2, Model model) {
        try {
            if (n2 == 0) throw new ArithmeticException("Can't divide by zero");
            double avg = n1 / n2;
            model.addAttribute("avg", avg);
        } catch (ArithmeticException e) {
            model.addAttribute("error", e.getMessage());
        }
        return "average";
    }
}
```

2) Write a multithreading Java program that has a given array of size 1000 filled with integers. The program should use 5 threads to search for a specific integer (e.g. 999) inside the array and print the index of the first occurrence of that element in the array. At the end, if the element doesn't exist, then print "Element does not exist".

## Question 4 (6 Marks)

Given a database table (Student) (columns: 'id', 'name', 'grade') mapped to a Spring Data JPA entity `Student` and repository `StudentRepository`. Write the Spring Boot repository and service code snippet to:

Insert a record into the table (using any fake data). Display at the console the data of all students whose grade is either ("A-", "A" or "A+").